you
an online educational resource for hair
care professionals which is called
medical hair professionals to give
information resources that can be used
to uplift and improve their expertise
about medical conditions above and
beyond what cosmetology school teachers
so a health care professional who's
armed with that information can not only
style a person's hair to help them look
great they can also look at their scalp
and evaluate it from a perspective of
being able to not necessary not becoming
a doctor to treat medical conditions but
they can recognize them and guide a
person to know what treatment to get and
if a person is receiving medical
treatment they can adjust their hair
styling techniques to accommodate for
those conditions as they exist as well
so it's like a team approach you know
the medical care medical professional
haircare professional and the client all
connect together with a goal of helping
the individual have the healthiest scalp
possible and keep the hair as long as
possible and the right now that
connection just doesn't exist and then
there's a void and Industry between
haircare professionals medical
professionals where there's no
information exchanged at all and a
patient will ask me how should I style
my hair when I have lupus for the scalp
well I don't know a lot about hair
styling I can tell them how to treat the
lupus if I talk to their hair care
professional together we might be able
to figure out a way that their hell hair
care procedures that can be done there
in that clients best interest so there
needs to be a communication process
yeah globally to help the consumers get
the best out